15-Oct-96:
	Rewrote hbcmake as a /bin/sh script. Old csh script preserved in
	hbcmake.csh.

5-Sep-96: Fixed a bug which caused dependencies on literate haskell modules
          to be ingored when an interface file for the module was already
 	  present.

10-Apr-96:
	Support for Haskell 1.3. hbcmake accepts the flags -1.2 and -1.3.

8-Dec-94:
	hbcmake: added the flag -xdg to show depency graphs using xhbdg.
	Documentation not updated.

26-Jun-94:
	hbcmake and lmlmake now pass arguments with the extension ".so"
	directly to the linker.

19-Jun-94:
	Added "set noglob" to hbcmakehbc. Seems that tcsh 6.04 differs
	from 6.02. 6.04 expands wild cards after `...` expansion, but 6.02
	does not...

10-Jun-94:
	The functions isalpha & isalnum in the LML library don't work
	for iso-8859-1 characters. Using my on versions of these as a
	temporary workaround.

11-Mar-94:
	The -I flag can now be used with hbcmake to specify direcories
	containing source files.

17-Nov-93:
	hbcmake now uses the script "hbcmakehbc" to compile. The script
	allows per file compilation flags to be specified in the file "Flags".

28-Oct-93:
	LDFLAGS are now extracted from Makefile too.
	All flags found in the environment variables LDFLAGS and
	HBCFLAGS/LMLFLAGS, in a Makefile, and on the
	command line are now passed to the compiler/linker.
	An environment variable can no longer be used to override
	Makefile definitions.
	Man pages updated.

13-Oct-93:
	Some small updates to the man pages.
	Improved extraction of LMLFLAGS/HBCFLAGS from Makefile.

11-Oct-93:
	Changed cmds.m to generate commands for sh instead of csh. This
	solves a problem with very long `quotes`.
	Changed hbcmake/lmlmake scripts to run output from lmlmk through
	sh instead of csh.

13-Jul-93:
	Added some new environment variables: HBC & LMLC to specify alternate
	compilers to hbc and lmlc; LMLMK_CONFIG to make it possible to compile
	languages other than Haskell/LML. Set it to
		
		s_ext:ls_ext:i_ext:inc:comp:compflags:pathvar
	
	where s_ext is the source file extension
	      ls_ext is the extension for literate style source files
	      i_ext is the interface file extension
	      inc specifies how to extract dependencies (haskell or cpp)
	      comp specifies the name of the compiler
	      compflags specifies compiler flags to use
	      pathvar is the name of an env var containg the include path
	
	The two configs for LML and Haskell built in to lmlmk are:

		.m:.lm:.t:cpp:lmlc:$LMLFLAGS:LMLINCPATH
	 	.hs:.lhs:.hi:haskell:hbc:$HBCFLAGS:HBCINCPATH

1-Mar-93:
	lmlmake used to die with "Fail: hd on []" if a ".t" file without a
	corresponding ".m" file was encountered.
	Now it doesn't die anymore, but instead it tries to compile the
	".t" file. (Harmless, but should be fixed.)

22-Jan-93:
	Corrected what directories are searched when compiling a file that
	is not in the current directory. Hope I got it right this time.
	E.g.	lmlxmake -Ifoo bar/main.m
			main.m:	#include "sub.t" -- searches bar and foo

17-Jan-93:
	New flag: -strip to produce a stripped executable
	New flag: -o name to specify the name of the executable

8-Jan-93:
	Corrected what directories are searched when compiling a file that
	is not in the current directory.
	E.g.	lmlxmake -Ifoo bar/main.m
			main.m:	#include "sub.t" -- searches bar and bar/foo
	E.g.	lmlxmake -I/foo bar/main.m
			main.m:	#include "sub.t" -- searches bar and /foo

25-Jul-92:
	LMLINCLUDE env var now used internally only. Setting it from outside
	has no effect.

24-Jul-92:
	Included ".h" files are now checked for further depencencies (applies
	only to LML programs).
	Support for -I flag and a new env variable LMLINCLUDE added.

23-Apr-92:
	hbcmake is now aware of that modules can be imported from hbc_libraries.
	If a module isn't found in the current directory, but found in the
	library, it is ignored and assumed to be linked in automatically.
	-i flag added to hbcmake, works as for hbc & lmlc.
	hbcmake and lmlmk uses HBCINCPATH.
	lmlmk uses LMLINCPATH when compiling LML programs.

12-Mar-92:
	Fast hack: you can now put the word "lmlmake_ignore" after an include
	directive to tell lmlmake to ignore the dependence on that module.
	(You have to include the appropriate object files in LDFLAGS)

25-Feb-92:
	lmlmk now works better in the presence of links (inode numbers are used
	to identify source files). When two links refer to the same file, one of
	them is ignored. This means that only one .o and one .t file is created
	and this can cause problems! (To be fixed)

12-Feb-92:
	lmlmk now adds $LDFLAGS at end of link commands. -l args handled in
	lmlmake/hbcmake script by adding them to LDFLAGS.
	lmlmk now generates commands to compile independent modules in parallel
	if env var PARALLEL is set.

8-Jan-92:
	New script file hbcmake to compile Haskell programs.
	lmlmk uses environment variable LMLMK_LANG, which can be set
	to "lml" or "hbc".

7-Jan-91:
	Fixed two bugs in the parsing of file names. One caused names like
	"../../papp/tstmenu" to parsed as a file called "../." with the
	extension "/papp/tstmenu". The other caused "../../x" and "./../x"
	to be treated as equal to "x".

27-Dec-91: first release
